Implement new search shortcuts. (#9337)
sphinx-doc/sphinx: doc/usage/theming.rst

    want a width limit. Defaults may depend on the theme (often 800px).

>   - **navigation_with_keys** (true or false): Allow navigating to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **navigation_with_keys** (true or false): Allow navigating with the following keyboard shortcuts:
```

>     previous/next page using the keyboard's left and right arrows.
>     Apart from that, '/' jumps to Quick search and Escape key
>     hides search matches. Defaults to ``False``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    - :kbd:`Left arrow`: previous page
    - :kbd:`Right arrow`: next page
    - :kbd:`/`: jump to Quick search
    - :kbd:`Esc`: hide search matches
    
    Defaults to ``False``.
```
